- Keating:
  
  Today it's about discipleship. Disciple seems less freighted with "stuff" from the tradition. But the passage refers to the suffering that the Father wills. What to make of that while rejected the traditional theology of the atonement where suffering is to pay off some debt. That is to be rejected.
  
  Yesterday:
  
  The grain of wheat that needs to die to live. Each letting go is a little death. There is much to let go of around here.
  
  For Lydia
- # Pastor's Carrots
- ## Ingredients
- 2 Ibs. Carrots, cleaned, sliced, and boiled till fork tender
- ½ Ib. Velvetta cheese (regular, not lite)
- 8 oz. Sour cream (regular not lite)
- 1 stick butter (not margarine)
- ## Directions
- Melt the cheese and butter (microwave works well for this), stir in sour cream, and mix well.
- Put drained carrots in a casserole dish with deep sides; stir in the cheese mixture.
- Top with 1 roll of crushed Ritz crackers.
- Bake in 350° oven for 30-30 minutes, till sides are bubbly and crackers begin to brown.
  
  [*This recipe can be multiplied to feed any number of people*.]
- # Charoseth
- ## Ingredients
- 2 Granny Smith apples, peeled and coarsely grated
- 1 cup walnuts, finely ground
- 2 tablespoons grape juice
- 2 teaspoons honey
- 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon
- ## Directions
  
  
  1.  Mix apples, walnuts, grape juice, honey, and cinnamon together in a bowl. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate until chilled, 8 hours to overnight.
- ### Recipe Tip
  
  [*You can substitute brown sugar for the honey if desired*.]