- **07:16** [[quick capture]] : [Opinion | Republicans are in denial about Trump and tyranny - The Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/opinions/2024/04/12/newsletter-republican-denial-trump-tyrant/ "Opinion | Republicans are in denial about Trump and tyranny - The Washington Post")
- ## Seder
	- **17:01** [[quick capture]] : [How to Make a Wild and Wonderful Passover Seder - A Practical Guide - Chabad.org](https://www.chabad.org/multimedia/video_cdo/aid/1156813/jewish/Wild-and-Wonderful-Passover-Seder.htm "How to Make a Wild and Wonderful Passover Seder - A Practical Guide - Chabad.org")
		- other resources at this site
		- each of them is playful in modern english
	- Chametz
	  collapsed:: true
		- WHAT’S SO TERRIBLE about chametz? After all, we eat it the whole
		  year long, no problem.
		  
		  And if it’s just a commemoration of leaving Egypt, why the concern over
		  less than a crumb?
		  
		  In fact, Rabbi Isaac Luria, the 16th-century master kabbalist, known as
		  the Arizal, taught that if you’re careful to avoid consuming even the
		  smallest amount of chametz on Passover, God will protect you from
		  committing any misdeeds the entire year.
		  
		  But why? What’s the connection?
		  
		  Well, it’s like Rabbi Alexandri says in the Talmud (Berachot 17a):
		  “Master of the Universe! It’s obvious to You that we want to do what You
		  want done. So what is holding us back? It’s the sourdough that makes
		  the bread rise!”
		  
		  You see, a little bit of chametz makes a little dough into a big loaf of hot
		  air. And that pretty much describes the fundamental gameplay of all
		  that imprisons all of us.
		  
		  Like the chametz that takes your healthy need to earn an honest living
		  and blows it up into a desperate need for recognition and yet more recognition.
		  Or like the chametz that mixes in when you are about to do a beautiful
		  mitzvah out of the sincerity of your heart, saying, “Yes! Do it! People will
		  say you are such a tzadik!”
		  
		  Or the chametz that appears when you are studying the wisdom of Torah and whispers, “Soon you will be wiser than anyone else!”
		  
		  It’s that chametz that ties every thought, every word, every deed you do
		  to your ego, as though your existence is somehow invalidated if you do
		  not occupy more and more space every day—with nothing but hot air.
		  We are its prisoner. It is our taskmaster. It has stolen our lives from us,
		  rendering us all subjects of an oppressive world we must satisfy and
		  please.
		  
		  On Passover we are empowered to break our chains of bondage. To do a
		  mitzvah only because it connects us to our God. To learn Torah wisdom
		  only to become one with divine wisdom. To be ourselves. To escape
		  bondage to anything in this world. To be free.
		  
		  And we begin by eradicating a physical manifestation of that ego from
		  our world. Torah provides a powerful tool: Just by temporarily eliminating chametz from our lives, we can set ourselves free.
	- [[pre-passover-todos]]