- Follow with Irvin
  collapsed:: true
	- 124 over 83 bp
	- He thought if we were to make adjustments in meds, the first to let go of would be the **Metformin**.  So that's what I will try.
	- He gave 3 mos. Mounjaro Rx
	- [[MP]] pushed me to ask about the cognitive test. She pushed for doing the full questionnaire. I declined. She was pushing her agenda, and I wasn't prepared for that.
- Trying to get script working to make epubs. I have the  "make-index" script already.
  collapsed:: true
	- **09:45** [[technical]] [[script]] [[rename]]:   https://unix.stackexchange.com/questions/284499/bash-script-to-fix-file-names
		- [script to fix file name for unix - Google Search](https://www.google.com/search?q=script+to+fix+file+name+for+unix&sca_esv=fa545b2fcd0b4c1a&rlz=1CAVMHK_enCA1169&sxsrf=AE3TifMZhmgYiL-H7rPCyh2Y500SP07TTw%3A1755089207505&ei=N4mcaN_CHoGVwbkPjJOvuAI&ved=0ahUKEwifuozm6IePAxWBSjABHYzJCycQ4dUDCBA&uact=5&oq=script+to+fix+file+name+for+unix&gs_lp=Egxnd3Mtd2l6LXNlcnAiIHNjcmlwdCB0byBmaXggZmlsZSBuYW1lIGZvciB1bml4MgUQIRigATIFECEYoAEyBRAhGKABMgUQIRigATIFECEYoAEyBRAhGJ8FMgUQIRifBTIFECEYnwVIo4gBUK5wWO2DAXABeACQAQCYAbcBoAGbC6oBBDAuMTC4AQPIAQD4AQGYAgqgArMKwgIKEAAYsAMY1gQYR8ICBhAAGBYYHsICCxAAGIAEGIYDGIoFwgIFEAAY7wXCAggQABiiBBiJBcICCBAAGIAEGKIEwgIHECEYoAEYCsICBRAhGKsCmAMAiAYBkAYIkgcDMS45oAecRbIHAzAuObgHqQrCBwUyLTkuMcgHNA&sclient=gws-wiz-serp)
		  tags:: [[technical]]
		- [bash script to fix file names - Google Search](https://www.google.com/search?q=bash+script+to+fix+file+names&rlz=1CAVMHK_enCA1169&oq=bash+script+to+fix+file+names&gs_lcrp=EgZjaHJvbWUyBggAEEUYOTIGCAEQRRg80gEJMTEzMDRqMGo3qAIAsAIA&sourceid=chrome&ie=UTF-8)
		  tags:: [[rename]] #technical
		- installed "rename" so e.g.
			- >
			- *#!/bin/bash*
			- *# Replace spaces with underscores in all files in the current directory*
			  rename 's/ /_/g' *
			- *# Convert filenames to lowercase*
			  rename 'y/A-Z/a-z/' *
			- *# Remove special characters (except alphanumeric and underscore)*
			  rename 's/[^a-zA-Z0-9_.-]//g' *
- Richard and Ann Clark
	- she pushes him in flimsy wheel chair
	- I told about my handles for Diane
	- Ordered another set today to give them on Saturday
- **14:42** [[quick capture]]:  https://www.lexo.ch/blog/2014/02/linux-bash-find-specific-file-content-in-all-files-within-a-given-directory/
- Peter and Doris
	- Mary Pat has read to me an exchange initiated by Doris on Facebook about communion. Since you quickly responded to the thread, I felt prompted to make this comment. It’s not on social media. It’s just a private communication. But you and Doris might be more cautious in your dismissive comments about the poor theology related to the order of communion. I’m not a neophyte with regards to theology and for myself I regularly have to disregard practices that I find not just wrong headed but seriously misguided. It’s troubling that theological principles that I hold dearly might be so casually dismissed. I do believe you didn’t mean to do that. But it turns out words matter. Even on social media.