- Uber driver 8 years from Sudan. California New York Connecticut. Following sister.
	- I asked about cause of war. He cited personal militia. Becoming multi religious. Islam Christian.
	- Osman #names
- Drake from Airhawk for checkup. He can help sign us up for next year service. #household
	- Service contract renewed for 2026-7
- **17:41** [[quick capture]]:  https://newrepublic.com/article/199224/right-hatred-smithsonian-bible-giants
- **17:42** [[quick capture]]:  https://slate.com/news-and-politics/2025/08/supreme-court-news-florida-desantis-porn-ban.html
- Man Whose Mind Is Trapped in 1989 Orders Military to Crush the Concept of Homelessness
  What is the National Guard supposed to do here? Shoot the zoning laws?
- BY BEN MATHIS-LILLEY  
  FOLLOW BEN
  AUG 12, 20255:37 PM
  A photo collage featuring: George H.W. Bush holding a bag of cocaine (this is a real thing that happened), a photo of Trump from the 1990s, and an image of National Guard troops in Washington in 2025.
  Photo illustration by Slate. Photos by Sonia Moskowitz/Getty Images, Bettmann, and Win McNamee/Getty Images.
  Sign up for the Slatest to get the most insightful analysis, criticism, and advice out there, delivered to your inbox daily.
- For journalists, one of the problems with covering Donald Trump is the disconnect between the president’s statements and reality. The reason Trump says that something is happening might not be the actual reason it’s happening. Sometimes, the reason he says he’s doing something changes on a day-to-day basis. Sometimes he says he’s doing something but isn’t doing it at all! It’s a lot of fun, and this week we have a new twist on the game: Trump’s explanation for what’s going on in Washington wouldn’t even make sense if he were telling the truth about it (which he isn’t).
- Here’s the BBC’s attempt at a straightforward description:
- President Donald Trump said he was deploying the National Guard to Washington DC and taking control of the city’s police force as he pledged to crack down on crime and homelessness in the city.
- Trump declared a “public safety emergency” on Monday, deploying 800 National Guard troops to bolster hundreds of federal law enforcement officers who were deployed over the weekend.
  The Guardian provides some context, noting that Trump justified the need for the emergency by photographing (or having someone else photograph) three instances of public homelessness that his motorcade encountered on Sunday along a r