1. Penitential order to begin (351)
2. collect
3. readings
4. Reflection
5. Renewal of baptismal vows (292)
6. Prayers for healing
7. Invite Laying on of hands
8. Peace
9. Prayer D (372)
10. ending

---

## Reflection
### Who are Saints Perpetua and Felicity?

> Saints Perpetua and Felicity, a young noblewoman and her slave, were martyred for their faith in A.D. 203, under the emperor Severus. At the time of their arrest, Perpetua had an infant son, and Felicity was pregnant. While she was in prison, Perpetua wrote about the circumstances leading up to their death in a diary that was later published as _The Passion of Saints Perpetua and Felicity_ – one of the earliest writings by a Christian woman.

- a witness to faith
- an encouragement and motivation for the wider community
- establish the principle that martyrdom was a more basic act than baptism, which was regarded as the foundation of the commuinity. (i.e. one could be designated a saint even if not baptized.)
- reminder that in the earliest life of the church it **cost** something to be a Christian. Cf. Dietrich Bonhoeffer, **Cost of Discipleship**. Before him in the 19th c. S. Kierkegaard had pointedly shown for much of **Christendom** being a Christian was a genteel sort of arrangement, a social relationship. Only for a **Knight of Faith** was faith a truly **life and death** issue. 
- But there are martyrs to encourage us in ancient times and throughout the times up to the present day. I think of the priest who, in a Nazi concentration camp,  asked to replace a father in the lineup to be executed. Fr. Damien in Hawai'i who gave his life to care for the lepers on Molokai. 
- There are those among us who know that there is a real cost to faith in the living God. 
- Who has been that for you?

 ## For the Saints and Faithful Departed (838)

_See also the prayer "O God, the King of Saints,"  page 489 and 504._  
  
We give thanks to you, O Lord our God, for all your servants and witnesses of time past: for Abraham, the father of believers, and Sarah his wife; for Moses, the lawgiver, and Aaron, the priest; for Miriam and Joshua, Deborah and Gideon, and Samuel with Hannah his mother; for Isaiah and all the prop in every land. In your mercy, O Lord our God, give us, as you gave to them, the hope of salvation and the promise of eternal life; through Jesus Christ our Lord, the first-born of many from the dead. _Amen._