- A week from today we are driving to Atlanta. I pretty much like this new Bluetooth keyboard. #tech
- **10:19** [[quick capture]]:  https://www.clotheslyne.com/blog/cornstarch-and-laundry/
- Corn starch clothing starch #diy
	- Put 1 Tbsp corn starch in a deep glass container (I use a quart canning jar) and add 1 cup cold water. Swirl the jar well and get the starch uniformly suspended in the water in the jar. Microwave at 100% power for 1 minute.
	- Swirl the jar and place it back in the microwave while the starch slurry is still moving and cook for 30 seconds. Stop, swirl, cook again as the liquid is still moving for 15 seconds. Repeat the 15 second cookswirl until the starch slurry starts climbing the walls of the jar or "blooping". Cook again, 5 seconds and swirl, 5 seconds and swirl, as needed till the starch goes from white and opaque to semi-clear and pearly appearing.
	- Cool the starch solution and dilute with hot water if it's thicker than you want. Soak your fabric in the solution and squeeze out pretty dry. Line dry the fabrics, or dry in the dryer, or press onto a window or other very smooth surface. Allow to dry, then press.
	- The point of the swirling is to keep the starch solution moving so you don't get clumps of cooked starch in a less cooked base. Lumpy starch is a pain to use.
	- Unused solution can keep in the refrigerator several days, but goes moldy fairly quickly.
	- Do not store starched fabrics for more than a week or two. The starch can attract insect pests like clothesmoth, silverfish, cockroaches and firebrats that can quickly result in major damage.
	- **10:22** [[quick capture]]:  https://www.quiltingboard.com/main-f1/make-your-own-heavy-starch-t158141.html
		- Did you know that you can make your own heavy duty spray starch for under .20 cents ?! Here's a simple, do it yourself recipe.
		- 1/4 c. Corn Starch
		  1/2 c. Cold water
		  1 qt Boiling Water
		- Dissolve the cornstarch in the cold water, stirring well. Pour dissolved starch mix into boiling water, bring to boil, cook 2 minutes over medium heat. Remove from heat, cool. This makes a Heavy Starch, great for laundry or crafts.
		- ****If you plan on storing this for any length of time, add 1 Tbs. of Lemon Juice as a preservative. It will prevent spoilage/mold.***
- **10:28** [[quick capture]]:  https://www.thespruce.com/how-to-make-spray-starch-4155709
	- Simple, 1T to 2 cups (no mention of lemon juice)
-