- **14:09** [[fascism]]: How to spot a fascist the Umberto Eco way https://www.theguardian.com/books/2025/feb/25/how-to-spot-a-fascist-the-umberto-eco-way?CMP=Share_iOSApp_Other
	- How to spot a fascist the Umberto Eco way
	  Philip Steadman says Donald Trump fits most of the criteria cited by Eco in a 1995 essay
	  Tue 25 Feb 2025 12.32 EST
	  Umberto Eco wrote an essay on how to spot a fascist – a skill of which he had personal experience as a boy in the 1940s (Letters, 21 February). Eco lists 14 criteria, none of them to do with fancy dress or raised-arm salutes. Some of them are quite familiar: the “cult of tradition” and the belief that the world was better at some unspecified earlier time; a racist “fear of difference”; an obsession with conspiracies, leading to xenophobia; a scorn for the weak; the use of Orwellian newspeak to hinder complex and critical reasoning; and a cult of machismo, involving contempt for women and a condemnation of nonconformist sexual habits.
	- Other characteristics follow: the belief that all was known in an ideal past leads to a rejection of modernism; a conviction that learning cannot advance; and a suspicion of culture, science and intellect. Fascist rule appeals to frustrated people who are humiliated by wealth and power. Such people form a monolithic entity that is not consulted, but whose will is intuited by fascists. Donald Trump qualifies on all counts, with one exception, since he is a coward: the “cult of death”.
	  Philip Steadman
	  London
	- Have an opinion on anything you’ve read in the Guardian today? Please email us your letter and it will be considered for publication in our letters section