## Diary
- Assistant from [[Irvin]]'s office will call back re. A1C etc. 11:59
- call to talk to someone at dermatology 11:59 main # 727-862-8561
	- for front desk call: 727-862-8561 (option 2) for front desk

## Meeting with Michael
- https://www.lpl.com/accounts/log-in.html login screen
- International part of investments have done well for us this year. With diversified account, some part of it is always not doing well
- Accounts 
1. CB ... Roth. Take out tax free. MP $ from her mother. The value there is what we get out.
2. Dale's rollover. Important to take all of the withdrawal each or there's a 50% penalty.
3. annuity. LPL doesn't control. by the insurance company. Her biggest. Teaching in Georgia. $900 each month.
4. SAM-NR my inheritance from (taxable account) so we would pay capital gains on it.
5. 8036 is joint account. tax on capital gains
6. 6778 traditional IRA. Her distributions out of this account. Where come from? Established when she retired. Up %51. TIIA-Cref rolled into IRA. Any taken out will be taxed as income. QCD's taken from there, therefore we don't pay tax on the gifts.
7. 4245 A taxable account (inheritance from Gini) Just capital gains when withdraw.

All IRA employer got a tax break for contributing to.

- Michael will do homework to see which way would be best. MPH & I will split ½ ½. She will zero out the Roth IRA from Gini. When it comes due, we'll take a matching amount out of mine. 
- It's been a good year for return on investments. That makes this a good time to do a project.
- turn off notifications
account diversified
