- **07:47** [[markdown]] [[nvim]] :  [Better Neovim Markdown shortcuts | Michael Welford](https://its.mw/posts/better-neovim-markdown-shortcuts/#:~:text=Now%2C%20when%20I%20select%20some,the%20text%20into%20inline%20code.)
	- This would be really helpful! since I mostly use nvim to write markdown.
- **07:50** [[new-monasticism]] :  [New Monasticism - Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/New_Monasticism)
- TODO Healing mass
	-
- **10:12** [[Thomas à Kempis]] 
  
  #### Priest and Mystic, 1471  
  July 24
  
  *   [Ecclesiastes 1:1–11](#ot1)
  *   [Psalm 113](#ps1)
  *   [Ephesians 4:32–5:2](#nt1)
  *   [Matthew 18:18-20](#gsp1)
  
  >  _Preface of a Saint (2)_ 
  
  The Collect
  -----------
  
   Holy Father, you have nourished and strengthened your church by the writings of your servant Thomas à Kempis: Grant that we may learn from him to know what is necessary to be known, to love what is to be loved, to praise what highly pleases you, and always to seek to know and to follow your will; through Jesus Christ our Lord, who lives and reigns with you and the Holy Spirit, one God, for ever and ever. _Amen_. 
  
  Old Testament
  -------------
  
  ### Ecclesiastes 1:1–11
  
   The words of the Teacher, the son of David, king in Jerusalem.  Vanity of vanities, says the Teacher,  
  vanity of vanities! All is vanity.  What do people gain from all the toil  
  at which they toil under the sun?  A generation goes, and a generation comes,  
  but the earth remains forever.  The sun rises and the sun goes down,  
  and hurries to the place where it rises.  The wind blows to the south,  
  and goes around to the north;  round and round goes the wind,  
  and on its circuits the wind returns.  All streams run to the sea,  
  but the sea is not full;  to the place where the streams flow,  
  there they continue to flow.  All things are wearisome;  
  more than one can express;  the eye is not satisfied with seeing,  
  or the ear filled with hearing.  What has been is what will be,  
  and what has been done is what will be done;  
  there is nothing new under the sun.  Is there a thing of which it is said,  
  “See, this is new”?  It has already been,  
  in the ages before us.  The people of long ago are not remembered,  
  nor will there be any remembrance  of people yet to come  
  by those who come after them. 
  
  The Psalm
  ---------
  
  ### Psalm 113
  
   Laudate, pueri 
  
   1 Hallelujah!  
  Give praise, you servants of the Lord; \*  
  praise the Name of the Lord.  2 Let the Name of the Lord be blessed, \*  
  from this time forth for evermore.  3 From the rising of the sun to its going down \*  
  let the Name of the Lord be praised.  4 The Lord is high above all nations, \*  
  and his glory above the heavens.  5 Who is like the Lord our God, who sits enthroned on high \*  
  but stoops to behold the heavens and the earth?  6 He takes up the weak out of the dust \*  
  and lifts up the poor from the ashes.  7 He sets them with the princes, \*  
  with the princes of his people.  8 He makes the woman of a childless house \*  
  to be a joyful mother of children. 
  
  The Epistle
  -----------
  
  ### Ephesians 4:32–5:2
  
   Be kind to one another, tender-hearted, forgiving one another, as God in Christ has forgiven you. Therefore be imitators of God, as beloved children, and live in love, as Christ loved us and gave himself up for us, a fragrant offering and sacrifice to God. 
  
  The Gospel
  ----------
  
  ### Matthew 18:18-20
  
   Jesus said, “Truly I tell you, whatever you bind on earth will be bound in heaven, and whatever you loose on earth will be loosed in heaven. Again, truly I tell you, if two of you agree on earth about anything you ask, it will be done for you by my Father in heaven. For where two or three are gathered in my name, I am there among them.” [Thomas à Kempis](https://www.lectionarypage.net/LesserFF/Jul/Kempis.html)