- 7,000 step walking workout [[health]] [[exercise]]
	- {{video https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WfgrIvKLIGk}}
- I wanted to try this out without being tied to internet.
  collapsed:: true
	- tried downloading youtube-dl style. Failed with errors. I pursued the error codes with reddit etc.
	- solution with dl-ytp (since the lawsuit and fork etc.?)
	- but getting most uptodate version necessary. recommdned usoing "pip" to install latest
	- Debian environment required the "ven ..." rigamarole. But someone said it was possible to let pipx handle all that.
	- I did and then pursued various wrinkles. But eventually got the download to work.
- Yesterday's #names from Church
  collapsed:: true
	- dark-haired woman with a new boot. Sometimes sits in front, sometimes in back with husband and a group: Jamey Oak, with husband David
	- Pat Stens asked for prayers for her neighbor who is/was undergoing heart transplant (even as we speak?)
- Hearing aids [[health]] [[hearing]]
  collapsed:: true
	- I have the longer wires for both sets of hearing aids. This is my last free visit.
	- The deadline for the three year warranty on the phone X is January 15.
	- I’ve set an appointment for January 5. I think to Service the Starkey and send the phone back for warranty.
	- I don’t know that we have any holiday plans. But if we do, I need to call Gardner back and reschedule to even earlier for this regular upkeep so that I don’t bump against the January 15 deadline.
	-
- **13:30** [[quick capture]]:  https://www.google.com/search?q=restore chromebook&sca_esv=ebbf78c5b4f88c90&rlz=1CDGOYI_enUS806US806&hl=en-US&sxsrf=AE3TifPUvseZuZAPlwnxTFjIO9WfqWkArw%3A1755484193414&ei=IZCiaOGDGbOSwbkPsNik0Qk&oq=restore c&gs_lp=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&sclient=mobile-gws-wiz-serp
	-
-