- [Tripp Hudgins](https://substack.com/@tripphudgins?)
	- [Oct 12](https://substack.com/@tripphudgins/note/c-165521033?)
	  collapsed:: true
		- Good morning.
		- Sunday
		  collapsed:: true
			- Good morning.
			- This is just a little post to introduce myself. Over the last couple of weeks, thanks to @Diana Butler Bass, more people have connected with me. Thank you.
			- I am a 55-year-old progressive Southerner. I am an ordained Baptist minister who worships with the Episcopalians. I was confirmed in 2015. I live as part of a neo-monastic community in Richmond, Virginia. I serve as the pastoral director of that same community, Richmond Hill.
			- Check us out at [www.richmondhillva.org](www.richmondhillva.org).
			- My wife and I live here with our son who is 10 years old. We also have a cat named Wilbur. He is 16.
			- I write about Christian spirituality and faith. I do so through the lens of racial repair. I am a trained liturgical scholar and ethnomusicologist. I’m also a bit of a musician.
			- Thank you for connecting with me. I look forward to getting to know you all.
	- Joy Sylvester-Johnson
		- Morning Tripp…I just got home from the Conspire conference at 3 am this morning due to plane mechanical difficulties.
		- I too am ordained (Southern Baptist in 1977) and think of myself as progressive.  I became a Quaker about ten years ago because everywhere I went they were already there quietly working for social justice.
		- I have visited Richmond Hill in the past. My husband was a patristics scholar who worked at our local rescue mission where he became like a father to thousands of addicts.
		- Our job I think right now is to resist this administration without becoming what we are resisting.
		- nice to meet you.
		- Joy
- 7 things about loving and dying
	-