## Oct. 10 Faith in the Public Square
	- Troy, Lisa, Linda (visitors from?)
	- **Social responsibility** was something Jim oversaw after he had worked in court for housing something or other.
		- Desmond, Matthew. *Poverty, by America*. Crown trade paperback edition, Crown, 2024.
- ## Jim
	- "I am supremely qualified to speak on this."
	- development of concept of corporations and associated shareholders
	- corporations get **immunity**
	- fiduciary responsibility of corporation ...
	- corporations sending profits to shareholders but not to stakeholders (of which employees would be included)
	- what about the claim of a "duty" to maximize profits to shareholders
- ## question
	- Have you ever worked for someone in a union? Connie worked for a head of union. MP teachers unions.
	- Issue with legal requirement to maximize profits. stakeholders include: shareholders, employees, government
	- corporations (the institution is very good at raising $)
	- Jim preferred to be the expert in the room
	- Troy: story of oil workers worked for 20 years and retired. West Texas near Mexico.
		- Jim: Home Depot used to pay employees with stock options
		- Sarah: said Jack Nicklaus formed his own corporation when he went pro.
			- corporations raise "capital"
- ## Linda
	- story-telling group. formed by Quakers. The group here is from Presbyterian church.
	- Such a group is gathered to support the environmental stewardship at Pres. church and their installation of Solar panels.(his testimony is that they generate envough to cover their needs and makes money)
	- Church resl estate could feed the hungry of the world. Troy.
	-