- **08:37** [[quick capture]]: https://iona.org.uk/wild-goose-resource-group-about/
- **08:41** [[quick capture]]: [TickTick vs. Obsidian: Which app handles notes, tasks, and planning better?](https://www.androidpolice.com/can-ticktick-replace-obsidian-for-note-taking/)
- [[Military Helmets]]
- **08:47** [[quick capture]]: Theodore Adorno
  https://www.thecollector.com/theodor-adorno-essay-antidote-modernity/
- **08:49** [[quick capture]]: Reflection: "No Other God"
  collapsed:: true
  _from Give is this day_
	- The God I was trying to love  
	  was too demanding  
	  And so I looked for other gods  
	  who would ask less of me  
	  And in unconverted corners of my heart
	  
	  I found them  
	  waiting to be adored. . . .  
	  Possessions, recognition, power!  
	  I bowed before them but my hunger  
	  only deepened.
	  
	  The God I was trying to escape  
	  was too loving  
	  so He sent me a brother, Jesus  
	  to be my Lord  
	  and to free me from my false gods
	  
	  But this Lord Jesus  
	  preached a hard gospel  
	  and so I turned to other lords. . . .  
	  But my true God never lost sight of me  
	  And in that lies my salvation  
	  for in one desperate moment  
	  smothered by gods who couldn't save me
	  
	  I prayed for a God who would  
	  fill my lies with truth.  
	  I prayed for a God who would  
	  expect something of me,  
	  a God who would be too loving  
	  and too demanding  
	  to be patient with my false gods any longer.
	  
	  God heard that prayer  
	  and loved me  
	  I was given back to myself,  
	  and taught how to answer my own prayer  
	  so that with other believers
	  
	  I might again proclaim:  
	  Jesus Christ is Lord!
	  
	  Sr. Macrina Wiederkehr, _Seasons of Your Heart_
	  
	  > Macrina Wiederkehr, OSB (d. April 2020), was well known for her creative spiritual writings and retreat ministry. She made her home with the Sisters of St. Scholastica in Fort Smith, Arkansas.
- **08:54** [[quick capture]]: Mark Twain
  The two most important days in your life are the day you were born and the day you find out why.
- **08:55** [[quick capture]]: Add to the things I know.
  collapsed:: true
	- - That education is not a matter of pouring data into a student
		- That I have just heard a connection with the lectures on transcendentalism and Channing and Sarah Parker, as well as Emerson advocating that work is needed teaching, theology, person hood work has to do with cultivation.
		- This obviously is related to things going on in Florida
		- It is also relevant to how I approached it episcopal, 101
- **08:56** [[quick capture]]: It's not the scripture that's magic
  
  It's the effectiveness of people of faith coming together and listening
- **08:57** [[quick capture]]: Like sacred heart interaction
  collapsed:: true
	- synergy
	- 1. the interaction or cooperation of two or more organizations, substances, or other agents to produce a combined effect greater than the sum of their separate effects.
	  
	  "the synergy between artist and record company"
		- chaos theory
		  The butterfly effect is **the idea that small things can have non-linear impacts on a complex system**. The concept is imagined with a butterfly flapping its wings and causing a typhoon. Of course, a single act like the butterfly flapping its wings cannot cause a typhoon.
		- ecology
		  1. the branch of biology that deals with the relations of organisms to one another and to their physical surroundings.
		- Systems theory
		  What is Systems Theory? Systems theory is **an interdisciplinary study of systems open_in_new as they relate to one another within a larger, more complex system**. The key concept of systems theory, regardless of which discipline it's being applied to, is that the whole is greater than the sum of its parts.
- [How to Checkout/Clone From a Specific Git Commit Id (SHA)](https://devopscube.com/checkout-clone-specific-git-commit-id-sha/)
  tags:: [[technical]] [[git]]