- [[America' decline]]
- ***B***lessed Among Us
	- Evelyn Underhill
	- Spiritual Guide (1875–1941)
	- Through her voluminous writings, Evelyn Underhill did much to awaken modern interest in the mystical traditions of Christianity. As a popular writer she went further, showing the relevance of mysticism for ordinary people living in the modern world.
	- Underhill was raised as a nominal Anglican in a comfortable British home. Though attracted to Roman Catholicism, she chose, for a number of reasons (including the strong objections of her husband), not to formally convert. Her study of the Christian mystics resulted in a 1911 landmark book, *Mysticism*. At the time, neither Protestants nor Catholics took mysticism very seriously—the former regarding it as a form of Catholic neurosis, the latter believing it was something only relevant to God’s chosen few.
	- For Underhill, mysticism was “the art of union with Reality.” She showed the origins of mysticism in Scripture—in the life of Jesus, St. Paul, and the early disciples. As such, it was an essential expression of the Christian life; it was simply the experiential dimension of faith, “the soul of religion.”
	- Over time, Underhill became a spiritual director to many people. She emphasized the practical dimension of spirituality. God “made us in order to use us, and use us in the most profitable way”—sometimes in heroic fashion, but more often in our “ordinary mixed life of every day” where we live out our religious vocation.
	- Underhill died on June 15, 1941.
	- “If God were small enough to be understood, He would not be big enough to be worshipped.”—Evelyn Underhill
- [[Bill]] and #Karla called. Long conversation. 22:49. He thinks that Emma acts like a **stoner**. Then having no patience with the responsibilities of keeping a job. Sounds reasonable to me. Bill calls it bi-polar.
- Relating to people that Father's day was good, but only after church. [[Lydia]] and [[Emma]] didn't reach out. [[family]]
-