- Readings at church #reading
	- [[@Good soil]]
		- Again, it's a good read, but it doesn't begin to touch where my life is currently beating. **descent into a cauldron**
	- Need for a [[Yeats]]'s "Second Coming" #poetry #apocalypse
- DONE [[Jun 13th, 2025]] [[Gardner audiology]]
	- 2 weeks delivery. Then 1 month? for trial period
	- send in my Phonak before end of year for warranty replacement -- backup pair
- DONE  Meet with Linda. cf. notes in **Simplenote**
- DONE Meet with [[Zach]]
- TODO forum on :
	- [[@The Small and the Mighty: Twelve Unsung Americans Who Changed the Course of History, from the Founding to the Civil Rights Movement]]
		- My disappointment with this is that it seems to discount the urgency of the moment. Their stories are good, though.
		- Inoue:
			- 1st awareness *Watergate*
			- still there as senior statesman for US when I arrived.
			- After leaving his name on the airport.z
- TODO write Linda a check for two sessions
- Zack
  collapsed:: true
	- I asked him what he wanted to make changes about. He said to be sober. I asked how he did and he seem to say yes maybe a couple of days sober a couple of days not. He seemed to identify smoking weed as a drug of choice. Possibly alcohol also. Clearly other things as well.
	- He resonated with stinking thinking, all or nothing thinking.
	- I gave example examples from Romans seven and first care I’m sorry second Corinthians 5 maybe about doing what I don’t wanna do and the thorn that stays with him from Paul.
	- He said plainly at the end that our time together was good for him. With reference to walking together with community.
	- I identified two different ways of reading Paul that was new to me. One way divides up into us and them and separates. The other emphasizes, we all have the human condition and his efforts were aimed at forming community.
-