- **08:30** [[quick capture]]: The blood-curdling Permian monsters that ruled the Earth before dinosaurs https://www.bbc.com/future/article/20250624-the-bloodcurdling-permian-monsters-that-ruled-the-earth-before-dinosaurs
- Dr Irvin for test
	- **Aquafor** rec by assistant. She puts it on her tattoos.
	- A1C 08:36
	  collapsed:: true
		- 8.0
		-
- [[](https://dev.to/gokayburuc/atomic-note-taking-guide-4fo9#what-is-atomic-notetaking)What is Atomic Note-Taking?]([/pages/Atomic-note-taking.md](//pages/Atomic-note-taking.md.md))
- Trying to simplify nvim setup
	- https://www.reddit.com/r/neovim/comments/1hc3npz/recommendations_for_an_easy_to_setup_very_minimal/
	-
- Listening session at Hawaii re. vision for diocese #hawaii #diocese
	- visionary bishop for raising young clergy
		- no residential seminary near Hawai'i
		- Erin Richardson Severin (newest deacon)
		- money!
	- Kawika Jackson (Jackson I knew). bishop open to young people, inter-religious relations, ecumenical & inter-faith
		- clergy formation
	- vision for alternative ways of being church
		- call to creation care. find ways for our church to do more than just install solar, but love of aina in the liturgy etc.
	- n.b. has resistant the people were to sharing.
	- Tomoso -- "somewhere the Anglican ethos lost their soul" ... native Hawai'ian who used to be Episcopalian, but left.
	- Allison Dingley: new bishop needs to be culturally sensitive. especially self-aware
	- Guam & Saipan is included in the cure of the bishop
	- Like the new bishop to be prayerful. living the gospel. 2nd newest transitional deacon. guidance around the spiritual direction of the clergy of the diocese. Ongoing spiritual direction.
		- specialized ministries e.g. to deaf/blind ... margins
	- Kaleo:
		- 12 years ago jumped over the fence to be Episcopalian (from Hawai'ian churches)
		- knew Malcolm Chun. "Took him 15 years to get ordained"
		- he thought the bishop was supportive ...
		- the local formation process ... (name?)
		- he is echoing Tomoso's sentiments about involving native Hawaiians
	- Rev Jazzy: concerned about inter-faith and ecumenical connections. She is in a Lutheran/Episcopal context
	- Jennifer Masada (for members of her church). THey are proud of who they are. Christ-centered. Love and unity. Expanding the idea of church. **Why is that such a well-kept secret**.
	- Libby Berman: strong understanding of leadership, organizational development, family systems, change management, shifts in priorities, staffing etc.
	- Arakawa: access to written comments.
		- the consultant:
		- Moki: whoever we call is going to have to navigate a complex system. I was born raised in Guam. I don't know possible to integrate Guam (Spanish) integrate with Hawaiian culture. What about the people who were invited to work the plantations? e.g. Filipinos?
			- He notes that this group of clergy like pulling teeth to get them to talk. What is the quality of the community? Whoever comes in is going to have to do a lot of **healing**. He is the senior priest (active). Lucky if we get 20 to apply. Probably only 3 candidates. (compare last time) Last bishop took 9 ballots. "I give up already." Not a healthy way to call a bishop. He's struggling, not to say, I want someone who is not Bob."
		- Kahu Brian: hopes for more collegiality among presbyters. A pastor.
- Links to new files?
  [Hawaii](/Hawaii.md) :Hawaii: