- Thinking of [[Vigil Sermon]] because of the gospel: A blind man sees.
- [[Forum 3/15/26]]
	- McLaren, Brian D. *Life after Doom: Wisdom and Courage for a World Falling Apart*. First edition. St. Martin’s Essentials, 2024.
	- PL: AI when asked said that capitaism as we know it is unlikely to be able to cope with the forces headed to "end of the world
	- What makes possible a culture that can usefully respond to the  imminent catastrophe?
		- sense of **common good**
		- leaders who listen
		- societies that plan -- socialism
		- any corporations helpful?
		- urgency, unity, and wisdom (*sufficient*)
		- Jim knows of countries that build into the cost of goods the ultimate cost of disposal
	- Scenario 2 and 3 similar except for outcomes.
		- one there was a spiritual awakening
			- New Monasticism
			- *Focolare*
			- Northumbrian
		- The other is remnant trying to survive
	- scenario 4
		- We born and then we die
			- How do we spend the time in between
	-
- Bibliography
	- Aspholm, Rose. “Catholic Social Teaching and the Christian Responsibility to the Poor.” n.d. https://digitalcommons.csbsju.edu/cgi/viewcontent.cgi?article=2926&context=sot_papers#:~:text=CST.
	  Butler, Octavia E. Parable of the Sower. 2023.
	- Desmond, Matthew. Poverty, by America. Crown trade paperback edition. Crown, 2024.
	- Desmond, Matthew. Poverty, by America. First edition. Crown, 2023.
	- Forster, E. M. The Abinger Edition of E. M. Forster. 7: The Machine Stops and Other Stories. Arnold, 1997.
	- Forster, E. M. The Machine Stops. Penguin Classics, 1997.
	- Kimmerer, Robin Wall, and John Burgoyne. The Serviceberry: Abundance and Reciprocity in the Natural World. First Scribner hardcover edition. Scribner, 2024.
	- McLaren, Brian D. Life after Doom: Wisdom and Courage for a World Falling Apart. First edition. St. Martin’s Essentials, 2024.
	- Miller, Walter M., ed. A Canticle for Leibowitz. Bantam mass market reiss. [pbk. ed.]. A Bantam Spectra Book. Bantam Books, 2007.
	- Murray, John Courtney, S. J. “Leo XIII: Separation of Church and State.” Georgetown University, 1953. https://library.georgetown.edu/woodstock/murray/1953c.