- **Faith in the Public Square** discussion at church
	- Forster, E. M. *The Machine Stops*. Penguin Classics, 1997.
	- PL: his own agenda: concerns ...
	- MPS: trying to exercise
	- Technology
		- # Postman’s Prophetic Provocations
			- Five essential insights for the builders of tomorrow
			  [Josh Brake](https://substack.com/@joshbrake)
			  Dec 10, 2024
			- One particular talk that has been helpful for me is a set of remarks Postman delivered in 1988 titled "[Five Things We Need to Know About Technological Change](https://web.cs.ucdavis.edu/~rogaway/classes/188/materials/postman.pdf)." In it, he explores five insights about technology that every builder and user of technology needs to know:
				- All technological change is a trade-off.
				  logseq.order-list-type:: number
				- The advantages and disadvantages of new technologies are never distributed evenly among the population.
				  logseq.order-list-type:: number
				- Embedded in every technology there is a powerful idea, sometimes two or three powerful ideas. These ideas are often hidden from our view because they are of a somewhat abstract nature. But this should not be taken to mean that they do not have practical consequences.
				  logseq.order-list-type:: number
				- Technological change is not additive; it is ecological.
				  logseq.order-list-type:: number
				- Media tend to become mythic.
				  logseq.order-list-type:: number
- I think you should try.
	- **Ralph's engagement is demonstration of the effectiveness of your exercise**
	- git config --global --add safe.directory /storage/emulated/0/Download/Repositories/logseq
- **20:03** [[AI]]:  [Philosophy of artificial intelligence](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Philosophy_of_artificial_intelligence?wprov=sfla1)
- **20:06** [[AI]]:  [AI takeover](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/AI_takeover?wprov=sfla1)
- MPS: Can AI lie? or PL: Ca AI act in a noble way?
- Jim: *Desk set* movie with Katherine Hepburn, Spencer Tracy. Big box of a computer to run things. Computer asking, "With or without people?"
-
-